Our understanding of asynchronous processes came a long way in the last lesson.
Now, armed with our knowledge of non-blocking processes and callbacks,
we are in a great place to see how promises fit into the asynchronous picture.
The goal of this lesson is to get you very comfortable with
promises because they are the most common syntax for asynchronous JavaScript right now.
I went a long time without truly understanding promises,
they felt like this big mysterious thing that would be too hard to learn.
But in reality, they're not so hard.
So now I'm going to try to peel back
any mystery that might have been shrouding promises for you.
Some things we'll cover are,
a general introduction to promise syntax and chaining,
and how exactly promises solve to the problems we discussed with callback chains.
You will be introduced to an implementation of
promises by using fetch to make modern AJAX requests.
We will wrap up the lesson with
some helpful real-world tips for troubleshooting issues with promise chains,
how to write better promise chains and promise methods.